hi guys so today I am back with another
product review and I'm going to be
talking about the yes to Tomatoes
clear skin blemish clearing facial
towelettes right there yeah so I heard
about that product line before people
have told me oh you should try the yes
to carrots and the yes to cucumbers and
yes to blueberries and all that stuff
and I was like oh yeah totally I will go
out and I will buy that and it'll be
amazing but I never bought anything
until about a month ago when I was
having problems with my acne and I
decided I wanted some sort of towel
towels or like wipes for my face when I
was on the road or working I can use
them and they're a lot more efficient so
while I was at Walgreens I saw these
wipes and I was like a local if there's
ever a good time to buy a product from
that line it's now
opposed to the other wipes I've bought
in the past this packaging it has this
little clasp right there
that makes it more secure when you close
it so it's not like you know some
sticker that's on and you just stick it
back on because most times those
stickers just peel off and then all your
towels all your little wipes get dried
out and it's a terrible experience and
you get frustrated and it's horrible but
this is great because by having that
little clasp it's secure it's more
hygienic and they won't dry out so it's
great the wipes themselves contain
salicylic acid and tomato extract which
is great because salicylic acid is
usually used in a lot of beauty products
for skin and acne because it cleans out
and dries out the agnya prevents future
breakouts and tomato extract is great
because tomatoes are known for sort of
giving you brighter more lovely skin so
I really like that but while reading the
ingredients list I also found that it
has witch hazel as well as water melon
extract which is awesome because the
witch hazel is made to sort of soothe
and cleanse the skin and the water melon
extract also does the same so it gives
you a refreshing feel so on the one hand
you have these ingredients that might
possibly dry out your skin but on the
other hand you have these other
ingredients that are meant to soothe
your skin so it's a good balance in the
ingredients list
I bought this product about a month ago
and I started using it and during the
first week I noticed that
the first time I tried it it didn't dry
out my skin you know it felt really
smooth and clean and pretty and it
didn't feel too drying so that was good
and also any residue I might have had
left over from my makeup or from after I
washed my face it would clean it out now
I used it one to two times a day I would
use it sometimes after I washed my face
and I would also use it during the day
if I was at work or I was just you know
going out and I didn't have makeup on
and I wanted to cleanse the skin during
the day I would just use one of those
wipes and keep on going after about a
week of using them week and a half I saw
that my acne cleared up and it was great
and it's so amazing and I was really in
love with the product by about week two
halfway through week two I started
noticing that I was getting blemishes
again and I couldn't understand why I
started getting blemishes here on the
cheeks and you know on the eyebrow area
and I was upset I was like I don't
understand I'm using the towelettes well
I don't know why this is happening so I
stopped using them just to make sure it
was you know the wipes and not me and I
stopped using them and it cleared up
really quickly I didn't have any
blemishes and after about a week and a
half later I used the towels again lived
a little wipes and I gotta act mean
again so my conclusion was the wipes are
giving me acne and I don't know why so
that was disappointing because I really
like the product and I really hoped it
would work and that I could use it in
the future but apparently it's it's not
working anymore so final verdict I would
say I would give it like three and a
half four stars
is a good product and it did work for me
it just stopped working after a while so
if anybody out there does want to try it
doesn't want to buy it and see how it
works
I recommend it because it might not have
that effect on you
it might just continue working
flawlessly and you'll have awesome glowy
you know clean skin all the time but at
least for me it's just so yeah I hope
this product review was helpful and you
know got you to know a bit more about
this product if you have any questions
and comments you can leave them down
there and if you want to know more about
the actual products you can visit their
website and I have an article every bit
about it which is in the description box
so you can visit that and get more
details on my experience and gradients
and stuff like that and yeah
just let me know if you want me to
review any other product or of the line
or any other product in existence just
leave me a comment and I will totally
get to it
alright so I'll see you guys next time